isn't it amazing that he knows it's
Victor by like one little piece I know
well how did you know what's in there
here oh he's had a special train
another Thomas you should actually open
this one this one must be special that
Toby was Kevin
Wow I think you got all the trains now
and you know who else is coming but
didn't make it today
hey you what are you up to now does that
complete our trains while you're missing
one because it isn't because it it may
lead yeah you told me I think what
Toby's coming I think there's a problem
which one is that
a lot more I've told me but why you know
that dead
well it's Elbe it's coming it's on the
way oh this something happened in the
mail and um yeah I guess you have all
the trains now right and worst Thomas
and Henry and all the rest
you can't find Henry I think it's okay